SEO: reword introduction paragraph into descriptions - Part 4 (last) (#423)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/reference/front-commerce-js.md

---
id: front-commerce-js
title: .front-commerce.js

> description: The .front-commerce.js configuration file at the root of a Front-Commerce project is the main entrypoint defining how an application behaves. This page documents its different configuration keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The .front-commerce.js configuration file at the root of a Front-Commerce project is the main entry point defining how an application behaves. This page documents its different configuration keys.
```
